REQ-ID: NFR-RF01-JS
Description: The product shall make it easy for an average customer to initiate the return of tickets.
Type: 11 Usability and Humanity
Rationale: To encourage customers who no longer require the tickets to return them with ease, to make sure the tickets can be promptly re-allocated and prevent empty stadiums.
Fit Criterion: Ninety-five percent of the representative sample in the focus group shall successfully initiate the ticket return process from the inventory, and seventy-five percent of those who are successful shall initiate the process within 60 seconds from when the inventory screen finishes loading.
Originator: Joanna Stacey (Project Manager)
Comments: [JS] Created a non-functional requirement related to RF01.
[JC] I like this fit criterion it allow the developers to create a test case in advance of development and provides quantifiable metrics that allows a test to easily pass.
Comment: [karenJ] Fit criterion: I can see where you are coming from with the focus group in that they are testing the product, but I believe it should refer to the customer, as this would be measurable in testing and moving forward.
I would expect the response time of the system to be quicker than a minute, probably seconds.  I might write the fit criterion: 95% of customers initiating a ticket return from the inventory, shall successfully initiate the return within 3-5 seconds.
Other improvements, in the description I would change the average customer to member of the public.  What is an average customer? It may be ambiguious.
The rationale is good.  I would amend the ambiguities and pass.
[PB] RE:[karenJ] - the 60 seconds doesn't refer to the system response time. It's the user journey time. 
[PB] As to the 60 seconds user journey goal, this is very, very optimistic :) I would suggest 3 minutes to start with, and then I would adjust accordingly. Also I would suggest measuring 
how many users actually drop off, during the whole process, to indicate if there are any major usuability probablems.
Comment: [karenJ] Perhaps I mis-understood, my interpretation of 'initiate' a return was to click a button (which would take a second or so), not to go through the process of a return.  Perhaps the second initiate should be 'complete' the process within 60 seconds.