REQ-ID: NFR-RF09-PS
Description: The product shall provide the reasons for ticket returns and supply it in an easy to understand format.
Type: 11 - Usability and Humanity
Rationale: To make it easy for the client to identify patterns in ticket return reasons.
Fit Criterion: Reasons are updated every 24 hours and ninety percent of staff using this feature can analyse the day's results and determine any patterns in 30 minutes or less.
Originator: Polly Gray (Domestic Ticket Sales)
Comments: [karenJ] There is missing an attribute on the snow card.  I believe the non functional requirement type is 11, usability and humanity.  The first part of the description is a functional requirement, to collect, perhaps the description could
be, the product shall provide the reasons for ticket returns in an easy to understand format. Rationale, to provide the information in a format that makes it easy for the client to identify patterns in ticket returns.
Fit criterion, perhaps each day or every 24 hours would quantify the time period.
Reject until and review once amended.
[PB] This is not a non-functional requirement, because you specify required system functionality: "collect information about the reasons for ticket returns". I would redo it.
[PB] Once again the "shall provide the reasons for ticket returns" is a functional requirement. The "supply it in an easy to understand format" is an actual non-functional requirement.
Maybe you can just change it to "The product shall supply reasons for ticket returns in an easy to understand format.", which shifts the focus from "supply" requirement to "readability".
[GD] I agree with the other comments on this one in that the description should focus more on the attributes of the process rather than the process itself, instead, maybe change the description to something like "Supplied ticket return reports should be easy to understand". The fit criteria also doesn't tie in with the type selected as it states metrics relevant to performance and includes unrelated aspects about when it rus, which doesn’t relate to "understandability". Perhaps a better metric could have been "95% of users can find the information they need within 3 seconds of opening the report".
