REQ-ID: NFR-RF10-MVR
Description: The account registration should be simple and easy to read and complete.
Type: 11 (Usability and Humanity)
Rationale: The account registration is the first step the customers need to complete to be able to use the system. Keeping this step simple will portray that the system will be easy to use to the customer from the start.
Fit Criterion: Nine out of ten customers shall be able to complete the account registration in less than five minutes, from the account registration page the customer needs to be able to complete the registration within ten mouse clicks.
Originator: Mark van Rooyen
Comments: [MVR] New NFR added for FR-RF10
[WH] The second part of your fit criterion, ability to click on register within 10 clicks. Shouldn't there be a button or link on the initial landing page that would take customers to the registration page/system directly? This would reduce the clicks to register from 10 to 1. Or is the 10 clicks the total number of clicks to complete registration. 
Comments: [JS] First part of the fit criterion sounds reasonable. However, with regards to the latter part - do you mean to initiate registration within ten clicks, or to complete the registration in ten clicks? If it is to initiate the registration, ten clicks seems excessive and the user is likely to get frustrated and give up - I would be inclined to limit it to 2 or 3. If it's about the completion of the registration - then 10 sounds reasonable.
Comment: [karenJ] In the description I would change read to use or follow.  Clear ratioanle, althougth I would reduce the steps from 10 to 5 max for the fit criterion because most of the registration would be completed within a couple of pages.  Update and pass.
[PB] as mentioned above, the "click on register within ten mouse clicks" is a bit too ambiguous. I would clarify that.
Comment: [MVR] Ok interesting I see a few have concerns on the 10 clicks. The first assumtion is that your are in the registration phase i.e. have clicked a link or button to register an account. Now you need to provide name,surname,email,address etc and click on the "create/submit" button. This should be completed withing 10 clicks assuming no "tabs" presses are used.  
